in general, I would look for professors who have been teaching the class
that you're interested in taking for a while. Um, generally, we get
better the more class sections we've had, we get a chance to fine
tune our teaching methods. Andi, with experience hopefully comes wisdom
and you kind of learn how to do things optimally. Eso I would look
around at that also just different. Teachers have different teaching
styles. So you may wanna ask around Teoh. You know, your peers
and fellow classmates on DSI. You know what teachers they've enjoyed
and ask them specific questions? Like, What was it you liked about
this teacher or the way they taught, as opposed to just like, you know,
who should I take and leave it at that?